C:\Users\Хозяин\source\repos\AutocentreKorytoClient\AutocentreKorytoClient\obj\Debug\AutocentreKorytoClientView.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Хозяин\source\repos\AutocentreKorytoClient\AutocentreKorytoClient\obj\Debug\AutocentreKorytoClientView.FormEnter.resources
C:\Users\Хозяин\source\repos\AutocentreKorytoClient\AutocentreKorytoClient\obj\Debug\AutocentreKorytoClient.FormMain.resources
C:\Users\Хозяин\source\repos\AutocentreKorytoClient\AutocentreKorytoClient\obj\Debug\AutocentreKorytoClient.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Хозяин\source\repos\AutocentreKorytoClient\AutocentreKorytoClient\obj\Debug\AutocentreKorytoClientView.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\Хозяин\source\repos\AutocentreKorytoClient\AutocentreKorytoClient\obj\Debug\AutocentreKorytoClientView.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\Хозяин\source\repos\AutocentreKorytoClient\AutocentreKorytoClient\obj\Debug\AutocentreKorytoClient.Client.resources
C:\Users\Хозяин\source\repos\AutocentreKorytoClient\AutocentreKorytoClient\obj\Debug\AutocentreKorytoClient.CRUDAvto.resources
C:\Users\Хозяин\source\repos\AutocentreKorytoClient\AutocentreKorytoClient\obj\Debug\AutocentreKorytoClient.FormPay.resources
C:\Users\Хозяин\source\repos\AutocentreKorytoClient\AutocentreKorytoClient\obj\Debug\AutocentreKorytoClient.FormRegistration.resources
d:\Users\Хозяин\Desktop\moya kyrsovaya\avtosalon\AutocentreKorytoClient\obj\Debug\AutocentreKorytoClientView.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
d:\Users\Хозяин\Desktop\moya kyrsovaya\avtosalon\AutocentreKorytoClient\obj\Debug\AutocentreKorytoClient.FormAddCar.resources
d:\Users\Хозяин\Desktop\moya kyrsovaya\avtosalon\AutocentreKorytoClient\obj\Debug\AutocentreKorytoClient.FormCar.resources
d:\Users\Хозяин\Desktop\moya kyrsovaya\avtosalon\AutocentreKorytoClient\obj\Debug\AutocentreKorytoView.FormCost.resources
d:\Users\Хозяин\Desktop\moya kyrsovaya\avtosalon\AutocentreKorytoClient\obj\Debug\AutocentreKorytoView.FormCosts.resources
d:\Users\Хозяин\Desktop\moya kyrsovaya\avtosalon\AutocentreKorytoClient\obj\Debug\AutocentreKorytoClient.FormCreate.resources
d:\Users\Хозяин\Desktop\moya kyrsovaya\avtosalon\AutocentreKorytoClient\obj\Debug\AutocentreKorytoClient.FormCreatePurchase.resources
d:\Users\Хозяин\Desktop\moya kyrsovaya\avtosalon\AutocentreKorytoClient\obj\Debug\AutocentreKorytoClientView.FormEnter.resources
d:\Users\Хозяин\Desktop\moya kyrsovaya\avtosalon\AutocentreKorytoClient\obj\Debug\AutocentreKorytoClient.FormMain.resources
d:\Users\Хозяин\Desktop\moya kyrsovaya\avtosalon\AutocentreKorytoClient\obj\Debug\AutocentreKorytoClient.FormPayment.resources
d:\Users\Хозяин\Desktop\moya kyrsovaya\avtosalon\AutocentreKorytoClient\obj\Debug\AutocentreKorytoClient.FormRegistration.resources
d:\Users\Хозяин\Desktop\moya kyrsovaya\avtosalon\AutocentreKorytoClient\obj\Debug\AutocentreKorytoClient.FormReport.resources
d:\Users\Хозяин\Desktop\moya kyrsovaya\avtosalon\AutocentreKorytoClient\obj\Debug\AutocentreKorytoClient.FormReportCar.resources
d:\Users\Хозяин\Desktop\moya kyrsovaya\avtosalon\AutocentreKorytoClient\obj\Debug\AutocentreKorytoClient.Properties.Resources.resources
d:\Users\Хозяин\Desktop\moya kyrsovaya\avtosalon\AutocentreKorytoClient\obj\Debug\AutocentreKorytoClientView.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
d:\Users\Хозяин\Desktop\moya kyrsovaya\avtosalon\AutocentreKorytoClient\obj\Debug\AutocentreKorytoClientView.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
d:\Users\Хозяин\Desktop\moya kyrsovaya\avtosalon\AutocentreKorytoClient\obj\Debug\AutocentreKorytoView.FormBindingCosts.resources
d:\Users\Хозяин\Desktop\moya kyrsovaya\avtosalon\AutocentreKorytoClient\obj\Debug\AutocentreKorytoView.FormCars.resources
d:\Users\Хозяин\Desktop\moya kyrsovaya\avtosalon\AutocentreKorytoClient\obj\Debug\AutocentreKorytoView.FormCar.resources
d:\Users\Хозяин\Desktop\moya kyrsovaya\avtosalon\AutocentreKorytoClient\obj\Debug\AutocentreKorytoView.FormCarList.resources
d:\Users\Хозяин\Desktop\moya kyrsovaya\avtosalon\AutocentreKorytoClient\obj\Debug\AutocentreKorytoView.FormEnter.resources
d:\Users\Хозяин\Desktop\moya kyrsovaya\avtosalon\AutocentreKorytoClient\obj\Debug\AutocentreKorytoView.FormMain.resources
d:\Users\Хозяин\Desktop\moya kyrsovaya\avtosalon\AutocentreKorytoClient\obj\Debug\AutocentreKorytoView.FormPurchase.resources
d:\Users\Хозяин\Desktop\moya kyrsovaya\avtosalon\AutocentreKorytoClient\obj\Debug\AutocentreKorytoView.FormPurchaseCar.resources
d:\Users\Хозяин\Desktop\moya kyrsovaya\avtosalon\AutocentreKorytoClient\obj\Debug\AutocentreKorytoView.FormPurchases.resources
d:\Users\Хозяин\Desktop\moya kyrsovaya\avtosalon\AutocentreKorytoClient\obj\Debug\AutocentreKorytoView.FormPurchasesList.resources
d:\Users\Хозяин\Desktop\moya kyrsovaya\avtosalon\AutocentreKorytoClient\obj\Debug\AutocentreKorytoView.FormRegistration.resources
d:\Users\Хозяин\Desktop\moya kyrsovaya\avtosalon\AutocentreKorytoClient\obj\Debug\AutocentreKorytoView.FormReportCars.resources
d:\Users\Хозяин\Desktop\moya kyrsovaya\avtosalon\AutocentreKorytoClient\obj\Debug\AutocentreKorytoView.FormReportPurchases.resources
